- [Instructor] Now we're going to go through the process
of creating our first bucket.
To begin with this video, I'd like you to be logged
in to the console and into the S3 section itself.
So now that we're in the S3 console, I want you to start
by clicking Create bucket.
You will see that we get a wizard that pops up.
And we'll step through some of these options as we go.
First thing I'd like you to do is to name your bucket.
And remember, they must be globally unique.
So I'm going to name mine fpmlil for F-P-M, my initials,
LinkedIn Learning, and I'm going to put 0102 as the indication
that this is video two in the first chapter.
Now, I do recommend you use some combination of letters
and numbers throughout this course,
especially on the prefix, that way all of your buckets
will be guaranteed to be unique.
Now, you can select a region next.
And then, if you have a bucket as I do in the background,
you can copy settings.
But for now, we're just going to leave the default options
for region and we're not going to copy any settings.
Go ahead and click Next.
Now, you're going to see here we're presented
with some options.
The first one is versioning.
This allows us to store the same file in different versions
over and over again and still have access to all
of those versions.
We'll talk more about that later.
Server access logging is another option.
But now we get to tags and tags are something
that I'm a big proponent of, both professionally
and personally when it comes to dealing with AWS.
So let's put a tag of purpose and a value here
of LinkedIn Learning.
And I'm going to go ahead and add another tag.
And we're going to tag this one with video 01_02.
Again, chapter one, video two.
Go ahead and scroll down and take a look
at the other options that you could select.
We're not going to pick any of them, especially the ones
that add cost.
But just be aware that these exist.
So go ahead and hit Next.
And now you're presented with your permissions options.
Now, we're going to accept the default here of Block
all public access.
But do know that you can build buckets
that are publicly available and that have different purposes
throughout the course of that bucket.
You can read through all of these options but again
for now let's just pick Block all public access.
Go ahead and hit Next again.
And you'll see that we're presented with everything
that we've selected, the name, the region,
all of that information, and the tags.
Go ahead and hit Create bucket.
So as we come back to the console here, you'll see
the bucket that we just created and all
of the details about that.
We'll play with other buckets later but for now
that's the basics of how to do it through the console.